Translation corrections (#170)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tara_003.txt

//r……脅されて人にものを頼んだのは、生まれて初めてだな。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "……脅されて人にものを頼んだのは、生まれて初めてだな。",

> 			NULL, "...It was the first time in my life somehow had threatened to buy me something.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...It was the first time in my life someone had threatened to buy me something.", Line_Normal);
```

//r首の根元を鷲づかみされたような緊張感が、俺に襲いかかってくる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "首の根元を鷲づかみされたような緊張感が、俺に襲いかかってくる。",

> 			NULL, "The intensity felt like it was strangling my neck.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The intensity felt like it was strangling me.", Line_Normal);
```
